Split Content Review Procudure and Doc Review Procedure. Add types of Maintainers to maintainer.md. Add Documaintainer. (#590)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/wizden-staff/maintainer.md

# Maintainer

> This section contains information on Maintainer and PR-Review Policies, **as it pertains to Wizards Den servers, hosted by Space Wizards.** These policies do not apply to other servers and may be waived in exceptional circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains information on the maintainer and PR-review policies as they pertain to Wizards Den servers hosted by Space Wizards.** These policies do not apply to other servers and may be waived in exceptional circumstances.
```

## Maintainer

A maintainer is a member of staff who is given authority and trust to review and merge PRs. All maintainers, regardless of specialization, are expected to follow the Maintainer Policy.

### SS14 Maintainer

A SS14 Maintainer maintains the content side of Space Station 14. This includes the docs repo and the content repo. 

### Documaintainer

A Documaintainer is an SS14 maintainer who only has maintainer powers for the Docs Repo. Within the docs repo, they have the same power and authority as an SS14 maintainer.

### Head Mapper

A Head Mapper is an SS14 Maintainer who has exclusive power over content PRs with map changes and additions. These maintainers are expected to ensure mapping standards are met, and their approval is required for any PRs that make mapping changes.

### Art Lead

> An Art Lead is an SS14 Maintainer who has exclusive power over content PRs with sprite changes and additions. These maintainers are expected to ensure the game maintains its art style, and their approval is required for any PRs that make significant changes to existing sprites or add new sprites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An art lead is an SS14 maintainer who has exclusive power over content PRs with sprite changes and additions. These maintainers are expected to ensure the game maintains its art style, and their approval is required for any PRs that make significant changes to existing sprites or add new sprites.
```
